-------------------------------------------------------------------------------	
BlancIMS instruction for USE - Jason White
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FYI: I expect you are running on a linux system with a desktop environment such as Gnome or KDE. This is a graphical program.

--Starting BlancIMS--

	Open the project folder in the command line
	type: python main.py
	
	The GUI should pop up
	
	Note: you can probably double click on main.py, however the troubleshooting behind each flavour of Linux/desktop varies wildly by distribution. Though, make sure that the file has the correct permissions to be executed as a program
.
--Opening the DEMO DATABASE--

	In the top menu press: File->Open.
	It should open to the project examples folder
	Open the database called "Demo"
	
	This is a working example of what could be catalogued

--Searching--

	In the top menu press: Edit->Find
	
	You will be prompted with a dialog.
	Enter your search query.
	Check the relevant checkboxes for the columns you wish to search.
	
	For instance search for models containing a "4"
	
	One checkbox of note is the "Recursive" checkbox. If checked it will not only search the selected category but all of its sub-categories as well.
	
--Items--
	Are the entries on the right pane of the application. They are the object that are being tracked by the application.
	They have the attributes:
		category, model, manufacturer, description, quantity, cost, Location
	
	You may edit all but the object's category, an object's category is determined by the current selected category when it is added to the database. You may also search any combination of these fields from the search window.
	
--Categories--
	what sets this application apart from a spreadsheet program is the fact that you can very easily organize the items into categories and sub-categories in whatever manner you wish. 

--Adding Items--
	Edit->Add Item
	
	This will add the item to the currently selected category
	
--Removing Items--
	Edit->Remove Item
	
	This will remove the currently selected (Highlighted) item
	
--Adding Categories--
	Edit->Add Category
	
	This will add a sub-category to the currently selected category
	
--Renaming Categories--
	Double click on the category's name in the category pane (to the left) and enter the desired name.

--Removing Categories--
	Edit->Remove Category
	
	This will remove the currently selected category and all of its sub-categories and items.

--Exporting--
	File->Export
	
	This will export the current view into a CSV file. You will be prompted with a save dialog.
	
--Importing--
	File->Import

	This will import a list of items into the currently selected category. You will prompted with a open dialog.
	
--The CSV Format--
	If you wish to import or export external spreadsheets the format recognized by BlancIMS is the following:
	
Col #:	1	2		3		4		5	6
	Model,	Manufacturer,	Description,	Quantity,	Cost,	Location
	
	Do not include any header information
	
--Printing--
	File->Print
	
	Prints the current category, I bet you don't see print options on most of the entries...
	
--Saving a Database--
	File->Save
	OR
	File->Save As
	
	This will save the current database. You may be prompted with a save dialog if the database has not been saved or if you press "Save As"

--Creating a new Database--
	File->New
	
	This will prompt you with a save dialog to save the old database. Once you have saved or chosen not the save it will create a new (empty) database.
	
--Quitting--
	File->Quit
	
	You will be prompted as to if you wish to save. The application will then promptly exit.
